 operates the site  to provide services including 

 is committed to protecting users' privacy and addressing potential privacy concerns. The following information has been posted to help you, the consumer, understand what private information we collect and how your information is used.

Types of private information collected

To best serve your needs, we collect the following types of information when you visit . 

We collect the following personal information from our users: Name, Mailing address, Phone number, Email address, Birthdate, Sex, Age, Payment/Billing Information, Billing address.

You can always choose to provide less information. However, omitting some of this personal information may limit your ability to access all of the benefits of our website and services. For example, we will not be able to process transactions without payment information and a billing address, or ship goods without your name and mailing address. 

Automatically collected information.

We automatically collect data on how our users visit , such as your IP address, location, browser, browser language, operating system, device identifiers, and cookies.  

Our website currently uses cookies to enhance its functionality. You may disable cookies in your web browser, but this may limit your ability to access.  

Social media information 
If you've linked your
 account with a social media account, we also collect information social media networks give us. Depending on the social media network, this can include your username, name, email address, friends list, and more. In addition, we collect demographic data when users interact with
 social media accounts.  
Policy on collecting sensitive personal information 

 does not gather any of your sensitive personal information, such as your social security number, driver's license number, race, ethnicity, religion, health metrics, political associations, or details on your criminal background. 

How the information collected is used  

We only use your personal information to help you utilize everything
 has to offer. This includes: Creating and maintaining an account with us, Completing your transactions, Shipping your purchases, Fulfilling customer service requests, Communicating our sales and promotions, Contacting you regarding updates to our company policies, Making all of services available to you in a convenient manner, Providing advertisements that are relevant to you as you visit, Evaluating analytics to see how our customers engage with

Length of time personal information is stored 

We may store your personal information for an extended period of time, depending on how we need to use the information. For example, we'll keep your email address and name on file as long as you have an account with us. In addition, we may need to keep your billing information on file for an extended period of time to maintain our internal transaction records.  

Who the information is shared with 

We may share your information with third parties, but only those affiliates that
 has fully vetted and created a partnership with. For more information about our affiliates, please visit this link.  

The only reason we will ever share your information with affiliates is for the following purposes: Processing transactions, Fulfilling and delivering order, Measuring marketing and advertising performance, Providing excellent customer service, Issuing email and text message communications. 


Information Security

We do our best to keep your private information secure and safe. Most of your personal information is encrypted and is therefore protected from being accessed by outside users. However, data leaks and malicious attacks do happen. Please understand that while we do our best to protect your data, providing your personal information is at your own risk.  

Ability to decline to provide personal information 

You can, of course, decline to disclosure your personal information to us. However, the failure to provide us with pertinent information may limit your ability to fully benefit from
 and all of its offerings. Remember, we only ask for personal information that can help us fully provide our services to our customers.  

Additional questions 

If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, feel free to contact us at. A representative will respond to your privacy policy questions as soon as possible.  

Policy update

This privacy policy was last updated on . If we adjust the privacy policy, we will email all account holders of this change and post the most recent update date here. Once posted, the new privacy policy shall be effective immediately. 