Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (data subject); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

Processing means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.

Controller means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.

Processor means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.

Recipient means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, including both processors and controllers.

Legal basis means a lawful ground for data processing under the GDPR.


We collect certain personal information to provide specific services and functionalities on our website.

The following sections describe the different data processing activities we conduct on our website. The information particularly reflects the processing purposes, what personal data we process for this purpose as well as the legal basis for the processing.

If you visit our website for informational purposes only, i.e. surfing on our website without specifically providing personal data, we will process the following information about you. The information may include a limited amount of personal data: IP Address, Referrer URL, Browser Information, Device Information, Date and time of the user request

This information is processed to enable you to use our website (e.g. by adapting our website to the needs of your device or browser).

The legal basis for this data processing is performance of contract, Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR, as we need the information for the effective provision of our website, and for providing you the services of our website at your request. Without the processing of the above-mentioned personal data, we will not be able to carry out the communication over the network and provide you with the required functionalities of our website. We retain this personal data for 2 years.

You have the possibility to register for a user account on our website. During registration we will process the following personal data about you: First Name, Last Name, Email Address, Address, Payment Info

The lawfulness of this data processing is "performance of contract" follows from Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR. The processing is required for the effective provision and the ad-ministration of your user account. Without providing the data required for regis-tration, it is not possible to create a user account on our website. We retain your personal data till you have a user account with us.

You can delete your customer account as follows: Please contact us by e-mail at [email address] with your written request for deletion. If you decide to delete your customer account, the account data will be deleted, unless further data retention is required or justified under the applicable law.

You can also delete your entire account within your customer account. If you decide to delete data or your customer account, the account data will be deleted, unless further data retention is required or justified under the applicable law.

Users may contact you via the contact form. You have the possibility to contact us using the contact details provided on the website. If you contact us, we will process the content of your inquiry, your name, your e-mail address or telephone number, if applicable, our answers as well as all information that you voluntarily provide us with in the context of the inquiry in order to be able to adequately handle your request.

You further have the possibility to contact us via the contact form on our website. In this case, we collect the following personal data:

We will process this data as well as the content of your inquiry, our answers and all information that you voluntarily provide us with in the context of the inquiry in order to be able to adequately handle your request.

The lawfulness of this data processing is "legitimate interests" (results from Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b, f GDPR), as this data processing is necessary to ensure proper contact and the provision of customer service. This provision of adequate customer service is our legitimate interest that requires us to process your personal data.

We will retain your data as long as necessary to adequately process your request. Afterwards, it will be deleted, unless longer storage is not required or justified by law.
The retention period for the personal data processed to process your request is 2 years. Afterwards, it will be deleted, unless longer storage is not required or justified by law.

You have a right to object to processing based on our legitimate interests. As a consequence of any valid objection, we will no longer process your data unless we have sufficiently compelling and legitimate grounds for the processing.

Users may sign up for a newsletter. You may register for our newsletter on our website. During the registration process we collect the following personal data: First Name, Last Name, Email Address.

We process this data to provide you with the newsletter. The data processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR). The consent is voluntary. You can revoke your consent at any time without giving reasons with effect for the future. To do so, simply click on the 'Unsubscribe' link included in every newsletter or send us an e-mail.

We will retain your data as long as necessary you are subscribed to the newsletter. Afterwards, it will be deleted, unless longer storage is required or justified by law. Once you have unsubscribed from the newsletter, we will retain your just strictly necessary information to ensure that we respect your newsletter subscription preferences in the future.

The retention period for the personal data is 2 years. Afterwards, it will be deleted, unless longer storage is required or justified by law.
Your website provides for a blog. Our website includes a blog where we regularly publish posts. You can publicly comment on our blog. If you do so, we will process the following personal data on you.

We process this data to enable you to participate on the blog. Thus, the processing is necessary to provide that service. The legal basis of this data processing is performance of contract (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR). Without the processing of your data, we cannot enable you to participate in the blog.

When you post a comment, the following information will be visible for other users of our website. To post such comments in the blog, you need to create a user account (see above). You can delete your posts at any time. We reserve the right to delete comments that contain insults, vulgar language or personal attacks or violate legal regulations. The retention period for the personal data is 2 years.

Afterwards, it will be deleted, unless longer storage is not required or justified by law. Users can apply for a job via an application form on your site. If you apply for a job in our company, we will process your name, contact details, qualifications and other data that you provide us with your application. You may further use the application form we provide in this regard on our website. 

In this case we will process the following data categories. We process your data exclusively for the purpose of assessing your application and conducting the application process. If you do not provide the required personal data, unfortunately, we cannot consider your application. You do not have to enter data that is marked as voluntary in order for the application to be considered. The processing is justified under "performance of contract" legal basis Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR as it is necessary in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into an employment contract. If the application procedure ends without an employment relationship being established, the retention period for your data is 2 years. Afterwards, it will be deleted, unless longer storage is required or justified by law. If you are also interested in other positions, we will store your data with your consent, until you request deletion of the data. You can opt-in to receive future job notifications from us and you may refuse to stop receiving future job notifications from us at any time.

We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data from persons under the age of 13. The website is not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal data of a child under the age of 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have personal data from or about a child under 13, please contact us using the contact details outlined in this policy.

We do not knowingly collect or process sensitive personal data.

We do not knowingly collect or process personal data relating to criminal convictions and offences.

We do not knowingly collect or process personal data for automated individual decision-making including profiling.

Cookies and similar tracking technologies are placed on your computer or mobile device to collect, store, and use information about you when you visit our website.

This website uses cookies or similar technologies ("cookies"). There are different kinds of cookies. Strictly necessary cookies are cookies that are necessary to provide the services and features available through the websites, e.g. shopping. Without the cookie the service cannot be provided.

Some of the cookies described above are so-called first party cookies where we are responsible for dropping the cookies and processing the personal data. Other cookies we use may be provided by third party (third party cookies). These third parties drop the cookies and process the collected personal data for their own purposes, e.g. to provide you advertisement.

We do not engage with service providers for the processing of personal data in connection with the website and/or functions/services on the website.

There are no data recipients located in a country outside the European Union, and they do not have access to personal data from a country outside the European Union.

No data recipients (service providers or third party recipients) are located in a country outside of the European Union and/or do the data recipients access the personal data from a country outside the European Union.

We do not transfer or provide access to your personal data to data recipients located in a country outside the Federated Republic of Brazil.

Unless otherwise stated in this privacy policy, we retain your personal data only as long as necessary for the respective purpose. Subsequently, we will delete your data, unless we are legally entitled or obliged to further storage.

Please refer to the section on Data Processing Activities to find out the exact retention period for different categories of your personal data and/or different processing purposes.

We implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk, taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of processing as well as the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons.

Depending on the circumstances, you may be entitled to exercise some or all of the following rights.
Obtain confirmation as to whether or not your personal data is being processed and access to copy of your personal data undergoing processing. require (i) access to and/or duplicates of your personal data retained, (ii) receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and (iii) to transmit those personal data to another controller without hindrance from our side; where technically feasible you shall have the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from us to another controller; request rectification, removal or restriction of your personal data; Where the data processing is based on your consent, refuse to provide and – without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal – withdraw your consent to processing of your personal data at any time; take legal actions in relation to any potential breach of your rights regarding the processing of your personal data, as well as to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulators; not to be subject to any automated decision making, including profiling (automatic decisions based on data processing by automatic means, for the purpose of assessing several personal aspects) which produce legal effects on you or affects you with similar significance.

Further, you may be entitled to object, out of grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning you, including object to direct marketing and automated individual decision-making including profiling. In this case, please provide us with information about your particular situation. After the assessment of the facts presented by you we will either stop processing your personal data or present you our compelling legitimate grounds for an ongoing processing.
You also have a right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority. The contact details of your supervisory authority are:

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we modify our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised version here, with an updated revision date. You agree to visit these pages periodically to be aware of and review any such revisions. If we make material changes to our Privacy Policy, we may also notify you by other means prior to the changes taking effect, such as by posting a notice on our websites or sending you a notification. By continuing to use our website after such revisions are in effect, you accept and agree to the revisions and to abide by them.